All right one last thing before strings I want to talk about dynamic typing.
So Python is a language that is really really flexible about how we define our variables and it gives
us the ability to reassign our variables not just from you know nine down to 98 but we could go from
9 9 to the string none or zero in quotes the word zero.
So basically it allows us to have variables change types not just values from a number to a number or
string to a string but the actual type.
So for example we could have awesomeness set to what is this again.
Boolean capital-T True.
And I could print awesomeness and it's the pulley and troop.
But then I could change it the same variable awesomeness not a different variable and set it to a string.
A dog or I could set it to something called none which we haven't talked about yet but none is another
value.
Notice has a capital and so it's not a string.
It's the way that Python represents the concept of nothing.
So it's different than zero.
That literally means nothing.
We'll talk more about it when when we get to that point then we have Asinus equals 22 divided by seven.
And the result of that is a float.
So this is just something that it's good to be aware of.
But this is also something that is somewhat unique to Python.
So there are other languages that support dynamic typing as well but there are lots of languages that
don't.
So for example languages like C++ are what's known as statically typed which means when you define a
variable as a boolean it has to stay as a boolean.
And if you want to change it well you actually need to make a brand new variable and you can't really
dynamically change it at all.
So as an example of what that could look like.
Take a look at this code.
We have a variable called not awesomeness.
We're setting equal to the number five.
But we actually have to say ahead of time.
This is an integer it's always an integer.
And in C++ also notice the semi-colons.
It's going to always expect it to be an integer.
So we could change it.
We could change it to seven or 20 year one million.
But if we tried to change it to a string like cool it would throw an error and break our code.
So that's it for this video.
I just wanted you to be aware of the fact that Python is dynamically typed.
You could change data types of variables at any point unlike other languages like C++ where you have
to define a data type from the beginning and that variable always stays that way.
All right.
Now on to strings.